# 1. The provided implementation of a function to reverse a list has a complexity of O(n^2). Firstly, there isn't a worst, best, or average case as the task is being applied to every element in the same way so the only factor is the size of the list. Moreover, the complexity of the function can be derived from the fact that the function must run for each element of the list. However, the call to the method get size requires an additional iteration of the loop (at this point it is O(n) + O(n) which simplifies to O(n)). Additionally, within the body of the for loop, there is a call to the method get_element_of_pos which would obviously require traversing the linked list again to access the element at the current value of position i. The unoptimal feature here is the attempt to make a linked list indexable.

# 2. Considering the clear flaws in the provided implementation, it is evidently possible to write a function that accomplishes the same thing with a lower time complexity and consequently making it better performing by removing the call to the linked list methods like get_size and get_element_at_pos and instead simply traversing the array and reassigning links between nodes correctly, still in a single loop but in a simpler implementation. By doing so, the linked list must only be traversed once in the entire function making the function have complexity O(n). As demonstrated by the plot generated, the optimized function performs much better, so much so, its data would suggest it has a constant complexity (O(1)), however, its use of a loop that iterates through the linked list would suggest it still has some dependance on the length of the linked list even if its difficult to observe.